To start from scratch I would start by initialising this with NPM in it.
To put this under control of NPM which I will of course use to manage all the dependencies my development
my production dependencies.
So after hitting Enter we have to answer a couple of questions and you can basically hit enter all the
time or change it to fit your needs and once you are done you should have this package touchiest and
fall with the basic info you entered or where you pressed.
OK now this is the file which will then store our dependencies to and where we will later create our
development scripts or workflow scripts.
Now with the parritch initialized Let's start by creating the folder structure we want to use for this
set up here.